Functional Requirements

The system-to-be is going to be tested and assessed with some test cases to make sure the 
following functional requirements are achieved: (test case data will be released in due course):
1. The system accepts different user types and grant access to relevant functionalities 
subject to user privileges. 
2. The Login/Logout functions work in line with Sessions, which expected to end after 
20 non-active time. Terminated sessions logouts the user. 
3. An ordinary customer does not need to login the system to book a seat and buy the 
ticket providing identification details. But a student or a club manager 
(representative) needs to login the system to gain access to booking facilities and 
buying tickets. The payment should be arranged to take off credit from student’s or 
club manager’s account, where each student and club manager should have credit 
account so as to be able to buy tickets. On the other hand, payment can be arranged 
based on some assumptions for ordinary customers. 
4. There should be functionalities attached to each student and club manager users to 
top up their credits. 
5. The duties/responsibilities and privileges of Cinema managers and workers can be 
retrieved/concluded from UWEFlix document, which includes advertising movies, 
arranging capacities, pricing the tickets, and applying discounts. 
6. Adding new student users or club managers is within the responsibilities of cinema 
manager or worker, while the application should be made by candidate users. 
7. Account manager looks after the cinema’s finance, can observe daily transactions, 
generate periodical, (e.g., monthly or annually) financial reports.
8. Cancellation of bookings can be done upon request and subject to cinema manager’s 
approval. 
9. Changes in the prices and applying discounts should also be available for cinema 
managers or workers, while students and club managers should be able to request 
for further discounts. 
10. Front-end design and further security measures beyond authentication will be 
considered as add-on.