User Partitioning

The Cinema Manager:
The Cinema Manager (or a suitable employee in the role of Cinema Manager) must be able to add, 
modify and delete details of student clubs and their representatives.
Club details include club name, Address details and Contact details. Address details include street 
number, street, city, and post code.
Contact details include land-line telephone number, mobile telephone number, email address, 
representative first name, last name, and date of birth.
On registration, a unique Club Representative number and unique password is allocated to the Club 
Representative.
Cinema Manager (or suitable employee in the role of Cinema Manager) to add, modify and delete 
film details that include title, age rating, duration, and short trailer description.
A film can only be deleted if there are no showings allocated to it.
Cinema Manager to add, modify and delete details of a screen in the cinema, including the capacity 
of the screen in terms of the numbers of seats.
Cinema Manager to add, modify and delete details of a new showing of a film, including the screen, 
date, and time of the showing.
The Cinema Manager must be able to turn social distancing on and off.
When social distancing is turned ‘on’, both household bubbles and individuals must be allocated 
specific, socially distanced seats within the auditorium; people are no longer allowed to sit where 
they like.

The Account Manager:
The Account Manager must be able to add, modify or delete an account for a previously registered 
Club. 
The Account details include Account Title (both the surname and first initial of the employee, or the 
name of the university club) and payment card details for the account (card number and expiry 
date). 
The Account Manager also provides a discount rate for an account (default 0). 
On setting up an account a unique account number is generated for the account.
The Account Manager must be able to view a list of accounts.
The Account Manager must be able to select an individual account from a list of accounts to view, 
modify or delete.
The system must create account statements at the end of every calendar month.
The Account Manager must be able to view a list of all ‘end of month’ account statements.
The Account Manager must be able to select an individual account statement from a list to view last 
month’s s debit and credit transactions.

The Customer:
The Customer must be able to purchase cinema tickets in advance of the showing via Internet.
The Customer must be able to purchase tickets on entry to the cinema.
The Customer must be able to select a date and be provided with a list of available showings for that 
date, including the time of the showings.
The Customer must be able to select a showing from a list and be provided with details of the 
showing, including film title, age rating, duration, and a short trailer description.
The Customer must be able to select the quantity of tickets required, together with the ticket type 
(student, child, or adult).
On selecting a quantity of tickets for a showing if there are insufficient seats the customer’s booking 
is declined.
On selecting a quantity of tickets for a showing, if there are sufficient seats, the customer is 
presented with the cost of the booking.
After being presented with the cost of a booking the customer can confirm or decline the booking.
If a customer confirms a booking for a showing they must then enter their payment card details, 
which includes cardholder name, card number and expiry date (credit and debit cards accepted).
On successfully booking seats to a showing by a customer individual seats are not allocated; 
customers can sit where they like (unless social distancing is turned on).

The Club Representative:
The Club Representative must be able to purchase blocks of tickets at discounted prices in advance 
via Internet.
The Club Representatives can log into the system by providing their club rep number and password, 
which are then validated.
While the Club Representatives is logging in, if either the club rep number or the password are 
incorrect, the club representative re-enters their details for re-validation.
Once logged in the Club Representative nominates a date and is provided with a list of available 
showings for that date, including the film and the time of the showing.
The Club Representative must be able to select a showing from a list and be provided with details of 
the showing, including film title, age rating, duration, and a short trailer description.
The Club Representative must be able to select the quantity of tickets required for a showing, which 
must be no less than ten, a ticket type of student is automatically applied to the booking.
On selecting a quantity of tickets for a showing if there are insufficient seats the Club 
Representative’s booking is declined.
On selecting a quantity of tickets for a showing, if there are sufficient seats, the Club Representative 
is presented with the cost of the booking after the club discount has been applied.
After being presented with the cost of a booking the Club Representative can confirm or decline the 
booking.
If the Club Representative confirms a booking, then the cost of the block booking is then debited 
from the club’s account.
The Club Representative must be able to settle their accounts monthly by entering a valid club 
number and password.
The Club Representative must be able to provide their unique club account number and then view 
all the transactions for the current month together with the outstanding balance of their club 
account.
The Club Representative must be able to authorise settlement and payment for the outstanding 
account balance which is transacted against the Account using the existing Payment Transaction 
System; the payment is then credited to the university club account.

Ticket Collection:
Customers and Club Representatives must be able to collect their own tickets on entry to the cinema 
auditorium by swiping their payment card through an attractive and easy to use swipe / printer 
device, the system determines if a current booking is associated with the payment card and if so the 
swipe / printer device prints the appropriate tickets for the booking.
If Customers and Club Representatives swipe an invalid payment card through the attractive and 
easy to use swipe / printer device, then a friendly message is supplied to the Customer or Club 
Representative.